you on base Gus on drums I'm lead guitar
and vocals hang on why do you get to be
the frontman I could be the frontman
like Dave Grohl if you wanted to be the
frontman then you should learn a
different instrument
I wouldn't buy the best of two teaching
like a shortcut to enlightenment 3 do
you work here
no favorite moment of the year's far
right now
I got paws of you maybe it'll be another
chance
call me old-fashioned to be able to hold
something tangible to actually have an
interaction for something real soon as
we sudden all of our problems will be
over I promise one of us has to bring in
some real cash where's all this coming
from no idea do you
I gave up my dream so that you could
live yours you don't know what it costs
to create something to pull your heart
out to get nothing in return you sold
out anyone argue
so I guess this is a it's over she's
moving on so she to the best music comes
out of pain
[Music]
sometimes you have to lose something to
know how much you needed it
I want to give you everything you've
ever wanted
[Music]
please come back